TUMP: front-end UI/UX overhaul from the owner's flow sketches

Read first, in this order, and do not skip them because this prompt summarises the task:
AGENTS.md, docs/VISION.md, docs/TODO.md, docs/ACTIVE_REWORK_LEDGER.md, then CLAUDE.md
sections 4a (three devices), 6.2 to 6.5 (screen brief, journey rules, no blue in UI, palette,
WoodCraft/PaperCraft) and docs/Front_End_Design.md. Repo DOST-GameDEV/TumbangPreso-Unity,
branch ASTRAReworks, worktree C:\Users\matth\Documents\GitHub\TumbangPreso-Unity-ASTRAReworks.
Fetch first and confirm HEAD; never commit the two composition-redesign .png.meta files.
The in-match HUD (VISUAL-1) is a separate lane: do not restyle the match HUD, halftime popup
or match-end board here.

THE REFERENCE. The owner attached flow sketches: a flow sheet (home, hero screen, loadout,
item popup, gamemode select, host/join popup), a "Custom Game Mode" sheet (host, join,
lobby, loading screen), the final home screen, and TUMP.zip (home variants, hero screen,
loadout grid, item popup, gamemode select idle and hover). THE UX IS FINAL: every screen,
door, order and popup-versus-screen decision below is the owner's and must be followed.
THE VISUAL DESIGN IS YOURS: the sketches are grey wireframes, not a style. Design every
screen properly (composition, hierarchy, type, motion, states) in TUMP's own identity: the
logo palette, Darumadrop for display type plus the supporting face, black in-game outlines,
no blue or navy anywhere in UI chrome (UiTheme.Defense only means the taya), no white or pale
default palettes, and a distinct playful street-game personality. Supplied owner and
girlfriend art (painted title, login, pennants, key art) is never repainted or cropped
badly; project-generated icons are replaceable. Where the sketch says "placeholder img",
use real in-engine renders of the cast and maps.

FLOW (final):
1. Boot and login stay as they are. After login the player lands on HOME, which replaces
   the current main menu and lobby as the hub.
2. HOME (final home picture):
   - Top left: a square avatar. Clicking it opens a profile-picture view (view and change
     the picture). Beside it, a name plate with the level badge, name, #tag and XP bar.
     Clicking it opens PROFILE SETTINGS: change name, achievements, friends, and similar.
   - Under the plate: "THE SKILL TREE" card with a notification dot.
   - Left column: HERO, LOADOUT, and a larger SHOP, with TASK beside SHOP.
   - Top centre: the queue plate (elapsed time plus an X to cancel), shown only while
     queued.
   - Top right: currency with a + button, and the hamburger menu (settings, party, career
     hub).
   - Bottom right: the mode card (map name, e.g. PLAZA, and the selected mode, e.g.
     RANKED / HERO STRIKE) above a big PLAY. Clicking the mode card opens GAMEMODE SELECT.
   - Background: reserved for a simple animated scene like Valorant's home screens. Do not
     build it now; leave a clean full-bleed background layer ready for it. A still or the
     existing live court is a fine placeholder.
3. SHOP: the button opens a popup that reveals the Hero and Loadout options, i.e. the shop
   for heroes and the shop for items. HERO and LOADOUT on home open their screens directly.
4. HERO screen: a large hero illustration or model panel on the left with previous and next
   arrows and a back arrow; on the right, //ROLE, the big NAME, a row of clickable ability
   icons that open each ability's details, //BIOGRAPHY, and UNLOCK for heroes the player does
   not own. Map the ability row to each hero's REAL kit; never invent abilities.
5. LOADOUT screen: back, OWNED / UNOWNED tabs, currency and menu top right, and a grid of
   items. An equipped item carries an EQUIPPED tag, a favourite shows a star, the selected
   item has corner brackets and unowned items are dimmed silhouettes. Category tabs on the
   right are TSINELAS and LATA only (SKILLS is removed from here), with EQUIP bottom right.
   Clicking an item opens the ITEM POPUP over the dimmed grid: back, NAME, favourite star,
   a large inspectable 3D view (the corner brackets are a fullscreen/inspect toggle) and
   EQUIP. The old STATS button is deleted.
6. SKILL TREE: the home card opens it. Each hero's swappable skill alternatives live here
   (they moved out of Loadout).
7. GAMEMODE SELECT: back, title, textured background, and four cards: Practice and Custom
   (small, stacked left), Classic and Ranked (tall). Hovering or focusing a card reveals a
   short description on it (the darkened Classic card in the zip). Currency and menu stay
   top right.
   - Practice drops the player straight into practice mode.
   - Custom opens a HOST / JOIN popup, not its own screen, leading to the custom flow (8).
   - Ranked is always Hero Strike. Picking it returns to home with the mode card showing
     RANKED / HERO STRIKE.
   - Classic opens a popup asking Classic or Hero Strike (casual), then returns to home
     with that shown on the mode card.
   - From home, PLAY puts the player in the queue (the top-centre plate), then a MATCH FOUND
     screen, then CHARACTER SELECT for everyone (big NAME and model, a 3x4 portrait grid,
     SELECT, Valorant agent-select style, keeping the current pick rules), then loading.
8. CUSTOM (Custom Game Mode sheet):
   - HOST creation: lobby name; map, game mode and visibility dropdowns with a default map
     set; visibility is public, private or friends only; LAN or Online; CREATE LOBBY.
     The background shows the selected map's art subtly and changes with the choice.
   - JOIN: a source list (Dedicated Internet, Dedicated LAN, Code). Server lists share one
     look with name, map, players and a join action; the header changes between Servers
     (Online) and Servers (LAN). Code shows a code field and JOIN.
   - GAME LOBBY: back, the lobby name, the map as background, the player list (n/4 with
     portraits, host marked), START GAME, and character/loadout and settings icons bottom
     right.
   - LOADING SCREEN: map art background, map name, a percentage, tips at the bottom, and
     the optional BH Studios mark.
   Every existing networking path must keep working: UGS Lobby and Relay, 4-character join
   codes, LAN discovery, quick and ranked matchmaking, reconnect and rematch.

NEW SYSTEMS (the owner chose real systems, not placeholders): a soft currency, the shop
(heroes and items), tasks, the skill tree, and hero unlocks. Design them to fit the existing
progression (XP, levels, hero mastery, HeroBuildRules / AbilityChallenges for skill
alternatives, Cloud Save and Cloud Code on UGS project dcf0831e..., never relinked). Rules:
- Balances and unlocks are authoritative on the server (Cloud Code); a client never grants
  itself currency or items. Offline play degrades gracefully.
- Existing profiles, saves and IDs are preserved and migrated, never reset.
- No real-money purchasing and no paid services. The + by the currency leads to how to earn
  it (tasks).
- Cosmetics never change gameplay; Classic stays neutral (VISION section 1).
- Remember that a Cloud Code script only receives the params it declares, and verify with
  `ugs cloud-code scripts get` and the Ugs PlayMode category reading "refused":0.

EVERY SCREEN MUST (CLAUDE.md 4a and 6.2 to 6.3): work with mouse and keyboard, controller
(a focus path, and B backs out through MenuNav) and touch (thumb-sized targets); show key
prompts from live bindings; back out with one press; have a visible door (never a second
door for the same place); fit 960x540, 1280x720, 1920x1080, 4:3 and the owner's 1600x680
window; keep every label at 28 canvas units or more; survive High contrast and larger text.
Build through MenuKit or ConvertedScreen (InputSurfaceCheck refuses bare canvases). Answer
CLAUDE.md 6.2's four questions for each screen before building it.

HOW TO WORK: order the job as (1) home and gamemode select with the new play/queue/match-found
flow on top of existing matchmaking, (2) hero, loadout, item popup and character select,
(3) custom host/join/lobby/loading, (4) currency, shop, tasks, skill tree and unlocks,
(5) the hamburger and profile doors, re-homing every feature the old menus reached.
Write the plan into docs/TODO.md as a new UX-1 section and keep the ledger current before
coding. For each screen: same-resolution captures of the new state and every state it has
(hover, focused, locked, empty, error), LOOK at them and fix what they show, then the
smallest test that covers the new behaviour.

Validation discipline: before each Unity run, state the one question it answers and what
ends it; batch finished changes into one run; run Unity in the background through
python tools/run_unity_guarded.py -tp-profile presentation-validation-20260921 (never pass
it --help) and keep working while it runs; never edit .cs during a run. Fix failures you
caused. A pre-existing, flaky or unrelated failure gets at most one retry, then is recorded
in the ledger and left. Never weaken an assertion; update a test only when behaviour changed
by design, and say so. Probes that address old screens by name must be moved to the new
screens, not left green on screens nobody reaches (CLAUDE.md 4a table). Restore generated
churn after every run (the two Inday FppDetails assets, QualitySettings.asset,
TimeManager.asset). Full regression and a native build happen once at the end, into an
internal Builds/ folder, never the Desktop target.

Commits: sole author M4tyu633, no trailers, no AI mentions, no em dashes; stage by path;
fetch before each push and verify the remote HEAD. Work only in this conversation, with no
paid services, resets, delegation or main edits. Keep going until every screen, flow and
system above is implemented and checked, or a remaining item has a documented genuine
external dependency.